[Longing Heart]
Subtitles by DramaFever
- Oh, goodness!
- Oh dear!
[Episode 6]
- What do we do?
- Oh my!
No, not like this.
I can't let this happen again.
It's possible that you're wrong.
It could be that Mom didn't
get on that ferry this time!
No.
I know that nothing has changed.
It's exactly the same as last time.
What are you planning to do?
I can't just let her
die like this again!
- Whoa!
- Mr. Kang!
Why now?
Why here?
Why?
Kang Shin Woo!
Are you awake?
Can you see me?
Big Sis.
Are you okay?
What about Mom?
What happened to Mom?
Why are you suddenly looking for our mom?
She passed away 10 years ago.
What?
[September 2017]
2017.
It's...
the year 2017 right now?
Have I... been here this whole time?
Didn't I disappear for
a couple of months?
What are you talking about?
Did you have a dream, or something?
A dream?
It was a dream?
H... hey. Kang Shin Woo.
Goodness, you must have
injured your head, too.
Stay right here.
All of that...
was just a dream?
Yeah.
It must have been a dream.
That's the only way this makes sense.
I couldn't have possibly
traveled through time.
I must not be fully awake
from my dream yet.
Pull yourself together, Kang Shin Woo.
Hey, Kang Shin Woo!
You crazy bastard.
I get that you were drunk and all,
but how could you fall into the water?
We were so worried about you after
your sister told us what happened.
So, did the doctors say that
you're okay now?
They ran all the tests on me, and
they said that I'm completely fine.
Oh yeah.
I had a really weird dream, you guys.
A dream?
What dream?
A dream about when we were
second years in high school.
But, it was a really weird dream.
It was a weird dream that made
my heart skip a beat.
And it was painful, and sad.
Maybe you were
thinking about that time
since your mother's death
anniversary is around this time of year.
Maybe.
Well, thanks to that, I got to visit
the people I wanted to see.
If it was around the time that
we were second years, then...
it really has been a while since
we've seen everyone from back then.
I'm most curious about what
Ji Soo is up to nowadays.
So Ra still hasn't
heard from her?
Well, the thing is...
I actually did hear about
Ji Soo today.
Ji Soo is working at
Seoul Hospital right now.
How did you know that?
I met up with her, remember?
You met with Ji Soo?
When?
You know, on the day that you guys
told me to go to the hospital!
Did you guys get a kick from
sending me to a psychiatrist?
And you, Choo Geun Deok!
What was that you said
about my sexual orientation?
How did he know that we were going
to send him to a psychiatrist?
What on earth are you talking about?
Today was the day that you were supposed
to go to the hospital, but you're here.
Well, this is still a hospital,
but this isn't what we had planned.
Yeah, and that's why
I went to Seoul Hospital!
And I ran into Ji Soo there.
Then I went back to our hometown
and saw Na Hee, too!
She was depressed because of
her upcoming wedding plans.
What? Who has wedding plans, now?
What? She's getting married
without telling me?
What? You two got the invitation
at the same time I did!
What's with you two?
Is... his head really okay?
Maybe they forgot to run
some of the test on him.
What the...
Which part was my dream,
and which part was reality?
Hey.
Did you happen to see our homeroom
teacher in your dream, by any chance?
I'm as curious about him
as I am about Ji Soo.
I look for him on social media
occasionally, but I can never find him.
Maybe it's because his
name is a common one?
"Kang Shin Woo."
What do you mean,
my name is common?
It's because it's common that
there were two of you!
You and our homeroom teacher
were both "Kang Shin Woo."
What?
Who?
You know, our homeroom teacher from
back when we were second years!
Kang Shin Woo!
Our teacher, Mr. Kang Shin Woo!
Mr. Kang Shin Woo... the teacher?
What's gotten into him?
Hey, come to think of it, doesn't he look
the same as Mr. Kang from back then?
Yeah, he really does.
Big Sis!
Where did you say they found me, again?
On the beach, near the docks.
And not near Firefly Bridge?
What do you mean,
Firefly Bridge?
I got a call that you were
passed out by the beach
when I thought you were in Seoul!
Do you know how shocked I was, you punk?
It wasn't a dream.
Then, why...
I have to go and pick up my kids.
It's going to take me
a while to get there.
How old is yours and So Ra's eldest kid?
Seven years old.
We had them when we were
juniors in college, remember?
Wow, has it already been eight
years since you guys got married?
Time sure does fly by.
It's been seven years, okay?
Are you that bad at math?
Just how long are you going
to be this dumb, man?
Well, Big Bro over here has somewhere
to be, so I'll be going now.
Take care of yourself.
You're going to meet with a
woman again, aren't you?
I told you, no!
Yeah, right.
So then, why...
has nothing changed?
Are you going somewhere?
I'm going to visit Mom for a bit.
Right now?
Big Sis.
Yeah?
I'm sorry.
For what?
Because I couldn't do anything.
Ugh, what's gotten into him? Seriously!
[Lee Young Shil]
Mom.
I'm sorry...
that I couldn't stop this from happening.
I could have saved you this time.
I could have.
But I couldn't do it.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, Mom.
Am I really not going
to be able to
ever see you again, Mom?
Is that how it is?
I should have hugged you, just once.
If I'd known that was the
last time I'd see you...
I would have hugged you, just once!
[I have something to tell you, Shin Woo.]
[I'll wait for you at Firefly Bridge
tomorrow, at 11 o'clock.]
Not a single thing had changed.
I lost my mom.
And Ji Soo left.
And I still don't know why she left.
And I'm all alone.
If it was going to be like this...
then why was I sent to the past?
Nothing has changed at all.
- We're home, Mother.
Hey, Kim Min Seok.
What is this?
Go into your rooms for a bit, okay, kids?
- Yes, Father.
I said, what is this?
I found it in your bag.
Every salaryman keeps a letter
of resignation in their bags.
Then, what's this?
So Ra.
To tell you the truth...
I want to try drawing again.
Nobody's stopping you.
I said you could, as a hobby!
No, not as a hobby.
I want to give it a proper shot,
as my full-time job.
"Family dies of starvation."
You want us to be featured in the
newspaper with that headline, don't you?
What is this?
Take a look.
Do you remember this?
When we were second years,
we had to do that homework assignment
where we recorded a video for ourselves,
10 years in the future.
This is the reply that Mr. Kang
sent to me back then.
Kim Min Seok.
Did you know that you
never once smiled
while saying that you wanted
to become a civil servant?
I really want you to be doing a job that
will make you smile, 10 years from now.
You say you'll lose even the shoes on
your feet while chasing your dreams, eh?
Well, who cares if you
lose a pair of shoes?
You can just walk slowly
taking turns with the person who will
lift you up at a time like that.
I hope you make a choice that you don't
end up regretting, Kim Min Seok.
I read that again
a couple of days ago
and looked at myself
in the mirror at work.
And I realized that I really
hadn't smiled, even once.
Min Seok.
Everyone else lives
their lives like that, too.
If you really wanted to chase
your dreams that badly
then you shouldn't have
gotten married.
If you were going to
do this, then why...
Why were you so insistent that
we get married, back in college?
Because...
you were my dream
back then.
What about now, then?
Am I not your dream anymore?
Is your dream more important
to you right now than...
than me and the kids?
Right now, my dream is...
is for you and our kids to be happy.
Smiling happily,
with the money that I made.
I got a call from that portal site
where I posted my comics
asking me to publish them at a
consistent weekly schedule.
For once in my life...
I don't want to pick the
stable and safe option...
and do what I really want to do.
Can't I try doing that?
Before it's too late?
10 years ago, there was once a time
when your dream was me.
So, can't you put your trust in me
just one more time, So Ra?
Please?
Just like back then?
Oh, it's already been printed?
[We're getting married]
[The groom: Seo Beom Shik, the eldest son
of Seo Byung Cheol and Kim Young Mi]
[The bride: Lee Ji Yeon,
the second eldest daughter]
[of Lee Chang Geun
and Choi Young Sook]
Congratulations, Mr. Seo.
Looks like you're getting
married before me, after all.
It's all because I had
such a great disciple.
That Choo Geun Deok kept setting me
up on blind dates, left and right!
That damned Choo Geun Deok!
All he ever did was ruin my dates!
So thanks to him,
I'm finally getting married.
Anyway, Ms. Baek, you have to
come to my wedding, okay?
All right.
Choo Geun Deok, that bastard!
Why is he such a generous disciple
toward Mr. Seo
and yet, all he ever does for
me is cause me grief?
[Choo Geun Deok]
Damn it.
Are you getting married
without telling me, Ms. Baek?
Are you kidding me?
Are you trying to make
me even angrier?
No.
It's just that Shin Woo said
something weird, is all.
You know that I went
on a date, right?
I'm really going to try
my best with that guy.
So if you ruin this one for me, too
I'll seriously kill you!
Come on, already!
Let me date in peace!
I told you.
Date this young, successful,
and rich guy you have, right here.
Look at you, trying it again.
How many times do I have to tell you?
You're not a man to me.
You're just my disciple!
I'm hanging up, you punk!
I have to go meet my date.
Look at you lying again, Ms. Baek.
You don't have that pin
in your hair today.
Ugh!
You know, the hairpin you always wear on
the day you're going out to meet a guy.
You don't have to wear
that pin for me
so can't you just
eat a meal with me?
There's something I want to eat, but they
make you order at least two servings.
Why don't you eat both servings by
yourself then, Mr. Rich Disciple?
I'll just have to wait
until you come out, then.
I have to go to a shoot later, but it'll
get canceled if you don't come out.
Hey.
Ugh, you despicable punk!
Ugh, damn it!
What are you doing?
I couldn't even do the rites for mom
because of what happened to you today.
It's soju and chicken. I want her to
have it, since she liked these things.
We already... did the
rites for Mom, though.
What are you talking about?
They said that you weren't
injured at all, so what's with you?
Today's mom's death anniversary
and we were planning
to do the rites today!
Pull yourself together, already!
Today...
is the anniversary
of Mom's death?
The day that I went
back to the past
was on the night of Mom's
death anniversary.
And the day that I came back
was during the day, on the
anniversary of Mom's death.
You met with Ji Soo?
When?
And so, that day disappeared...
and I'm re-living this day.
One thing has changed, at least.
There's a few hours' difference.
Ji Soo's accident.
That definitely happened tonight.
It's the ER.
Oh, I'll go.
It's fine, I'll go.
You haven't even slept
10 hours this week.
Did you know that?
You're always a workaholic
but why are you even harder
on yourself every year
when September comes around?
At any rate, I'll go.
So you go and get some rest.
I'll get yelled at by Doctor Shin again,
saying I make you do all the work.
I'll be going now.
Mom.
please help me...
so that I'm not helpless
to do anything again...
and that I don't have to live
with the same regrets again.
Please, help me!
Where are you going?
It feels a little stuffy in here,
so I'm going to go get some fresh air.
Sure.
Is Han Ji Soo...
is Doctor Han Ji Soo here?
Doctor Han Ji Soo stepped out
not too long ago.
What about her contact information?
Can I have her phone number?
[Han Ji Soo]
The article definitely said that she got
hit by a drunk driver's car, right?
[Shin Joo Hwan]
This caller has turned off their phone.
Leave a message at the tone.
Her phone is completely off now?
[Ji Soo]
Here.
Oh, how could I accept
money from you, Doctor?
If it hadn't been for you, I would've
died of a heart attack on the street!
This and that are separate matters.
Oh, it's fine.
Keep your money.
Why are you drinking so much
coffee at night, though?
My head hurts a bit
because I didn't sleep.
Oh, everything else is futile
if you don't have your health!
Work and all that stuff means nothing in
the face of death, in my experience.
Ah, here you are.
Thank you for the coffee.
Oh yeah, Doctor.
Why do people see their lives
flash before their eyes?
It was so fascinating.
Your life... flashing
before your eyes?
You know how they said that your life
flashes before your eyes before you die?
Like, right before you
take in your final breath.
All of the memories of my life that
I had in my head flashed before my eyes!
And I saw all of the people
that I wanted to see.
Please, I'm begging you!
We can't set up a drunk driving
checkpoint because of a civilian report.
Then, please, do whatever
it takes to make it happen!
We don't even have enough staff
here today to do that.
I'm telling you,
there will be an accident soon!
Someone will get hit by a
drunk driver, and die!
And how exactly do you know that?
You know, sir.
Ten years ago, I ran into
another psycho like that
when I was stationed at Garam Island.
He jumped into the stream
in the middle of the night
saying he was going to the
future, or something.
Seriously, he put up such a fuss!
Mr. Kang?
Thug?
Um, no, I mean...
Go Sung Jin.
Hello, we've set up a
drunk driving checkpoint here.
Excuse us.
Long time no see, Kang Shin Woo.
Yeah.
Speaking of which, I really would've
thought you were Mr. Kang
if you'd walked by without
saying anything.
Well, it's been
ten years already
so I'm sure that Mr. Kang doesn't look
the same as he did back then.
Yeah, you're right.
But, have you heard
about him at all?
No, not at all.
I haven't heard about him at all
since he left back then.
Really?
I really wanted to visit him, just once.
Why?
I had something I wanted to ask him.
I wanted to ask if he thinks that I've
made good use of the chance he gave me.
I bet he would've been really happy
if he could see you now.
I'm sure that he would've been
quite proud of how you turned out.
Anyway, thanks so much for today.
And thanks for believing me,
despite how ridiculous I sounded.
I'm indebted to you, after all.
You got hit by the dean instead of me.
Consider that debt repaid today.
You've paid me back too generously,
including 10 years' worth of interest.
I have to go, since it's time
for me to go do my rounds now.
See you around!
Wait.
Did I tell you?
That I'm really relieved to be
able to see you again?
I'll be going now!
Excuse us. We've set up a
drunk driving checkpoint here.
I think the accident
happened around now.
Excuse us. We've set up a
drunk driving checkpoint here.
Goodbye.
Excuse us. We've set up a
drunk driving checkpoint here.
Please roll down your window, sir.
Sir?
Sir! Sir!
Hey, get him!
[DramaFever Ver] E06 Longing Heart
-= Ruo Xi =-
I can't...
I can't let it happen this time.
Please.
Please!
Excuse me.
Excuse me, sir!
Are you all right?
Excuse me.
Thanks...
for...
being here right now,
like this.
Really, thanks so much.
S... Shin Woo?
Is that...
really you, Shin Woo?
Were you the one who treated
the car crash victim just now?
Yeah.
How is the patient's condition?
He's only sustained
minor injuries.
But, are you okay?
I heard that the accident happened
right in front of you.
Yeah.
Who is that person?
Is he someone you know?
Mr. Kang?
I'm Ji Soo's friend.
I couldn't even introduce myself
to you properly before.
Thank you.
Ah, sure.
I'll be going now, then.
How long has it been?
Around ten years, or so?
Have you been doing okay?
It's funny how people can
run into each other like this.
It's because I was looking for you.
I... didn't think much about you guys.
About you, or our other friends, I mean.
Because I was too busy and
had too much going on.
I can barely even remember the
stuff that happened back then.
It's okay...
because I remember it all.
Sorry, I don't have much time to spare.
I need to go.
I liked you.
Quite a lot.
Really?
But that was way too
long ago in the past.
Let's talk about the past
some other time.
Later, when we get the chance to.
Well, not for me.
To me, this isn't just
something from the past.
I remember everything from back then
so clearly, as if it were only yesterday.
And same goes for my
feelings for you from back then.
For me, all of that...
is something that I want to
keep in the past.
So...
You want us to never
see each other again?
Why?
Were we in each others' lives
for a bad reason again this time?
I don't care.
I don't care if we were meant to be,
or if we're bad for each other.
I don't care about any
of that stuff anymore.
I'm not going to live with the
same regrets, Ji Soo.
Han Ji Soo!
Senior.
I heard that you almost
got into an accident.
Are you trying to make me worried sick?
You're not hurt anywhere?
Are you really okay?
I didn't get hurt, but my friend did.
You've seen him before,
right, Shin Woo?
He was our senior,
back in high school.
I want to make things official
between us, and go out with you.
That third year... from back then?
Oh, so this is the friend that
Doctor Kim Min Jung mentioned.
Nice to meet you.
I'm Ji Soo's boyfriend.
You're back, Shin Woo?
I can't accept this handshake.
You still don't know the rules,
just like back then, huh?
I mean, who lies when they're
introducing themselves?
And what kind of girlfriend looks
this uncomfortable
when they're introducing their
boyfriend to someone?
In my opinion...
Ji Soo has that same expression on
her face that she had back then.
You know, when she rejected you back then
after you confessed to her 10 years ago.
Well, you're not completely wrong.
So let me reintroduce myself
properly, then.
I'm someone who will become
Ji Soo's boyfriend soon.
Senior!
Says who?
Well, people should be free to entertain
whatever dreams they want to have.
Because everyone wakes up
from their dreams eventually.
But you know, if you're Ji Soo's
friend from back in high school
that means that you're my junior.
And yet, you're speaking
informally to me.
And I was your teacher too, you punk.
If you're so fond of formal speech,
feel free to keep using it.
But, why did you call me, Senior?
It was about the doctors' meeting.
I was wondering why you missed it.
Hey, you should hurry and go.
The professor is looking for you.
Thanks... for today.
Ji Soo!
It's too bad.
But these are the rules
of the hospital.
Wow!
Ugh, that damned third year was by
Ji Soo's side all this time?
Ugh!
Yeah, Big Sis?
Where are you right now,
Kang Shin Woo?
Why?
Someone who says that he's a student
from your class is here to see you.
What are you talking about? I haven't
even started work at this school yet.
Oh!
What was that?
What's going on?
He definitely said that
he was my junior.
So why can't I bring myself to
speak informally to him?
It makes no sense.
Senior!
What is this?
It says it, right there.
A notice stating that you're
being sent to Garam Island.
Why is my name here?
Because my name
is there, too.
Senior.
Well, my dad is telling me to go there,
get it together, and become a new man.
And I told him that I'd go
if he sent you, too.
I'm going to go to the chairman and
tell him that I'm not going there.
No, rather, that I can't go.
I bet that he'll care a lot more his
rehabilitation project for his only son
than some second-year intern.
Oh!
I'm sure he'll care more if I tell him
that you're his daughter-in-law-to-be.
Do you seriously have
Alzheimer's or something, Senior?
Huh?
Doctor Yeon Mi Jung
from the Emergency Department!
Doctor Gu Jung Hee from the
neurosurgery department!
Doctor Oh Young Joo from
the plastic surgery department!
And other interns and patients
besides those doctors, too!
I know all about your ex-girlfriends
so do you really want to
act this way toward me, Senior?
Come on.
Despite everything, the only one
I want to go there with is you.
Senior!
It'll be a serious struggle
to live on that island.
Why do you think crazy things happen
on secluded islands, after all?
Well, so, who knows?
You might finally accept my feelings
if we go there together.
Oh, whatever!
I don't want to do long-distance!
I can't, and won't!
[Kang Shin Woo]
Big Sis!
Who did you say was here again, Big Sis?
Who on earth could this be?
- You...
- You're here, Mr. Kang?
- How are you...
- Big Sis!
Is there any more
dish soap?
It's below the sink.
I'll explain everything, Big Sis.
You see, what happened is...
I know.
I heard everything.
He said that he was in your class
when you were teaching in Seoul.
And you told him to hide out
at our house for a bit.
Since his family went broke,
and is being chased by load sharks.
What?
Hey, stop doing the dishes and tell
your homeroom teacher to do them now.
He's good at doing that kind of thing.
Hey, hey, hey!
What's going on?
Why are you here?
How are you even here right now?
Where else could I go, then?
The night duty room at school?
That's not what I mean!
What I mean is, how are
you here, in the year 2017?
I followed you, Mr. Kang.
What?
- Oh, goodness!
- Mr. Kang!
- Oh my goodness!
- Oh no!
T-then...
why weren't you there
when they found me?
I think the tides carried me off
to somewhere else.
When I woke up, I was at Naram Island,
the island next to this one.
And I was late getting here since
I had to wait for the ferry.
Hey, you... wait, turn off the faucet.
Wow.
You came from a time
where there wasn't any LTE
so how is it that you got adjusted to
this place faster than the speed of LTE?
Huh?
Hey, this is the year 2017!
Are you aware of that?
Aren't you curious about anything?
Aren't you surprised at all?
Well, that's why...
I'm here right now.
Where's our mom?
Mr. Kang.
Why isn't our mom here?
Huh?
You'll turn to stone like that woman
who waited for husband.
How many days have you
been here, already?
You're here early.
I told you to get a good look
at how things have changed in 2017
so why are you staying here, like this?
Not much has changed, anyway.
Still.
You have to go back to '07 soon.
But it'd be a shame to
have you just leave like this.
Is there any way for me to go back
if I wanted to, though?
You want to go back?
What would I even do if
I stayed here any longer?
It doesn't matter if I'm here, or there.
Either way, Mom is no longer
neither here nor there.
Mr. Kang.
Will I ever...
feel okay, eventually?
I feel like there's too big of a hole
that's formed, right here.
And every time I breathe...
it hurts so much that
I feel like I'll die.
So, will there ever come a day...
when this hole will be mended?
I'm sure you must know, Mr. Kang.
Because you're me.
No.
There's still a hole
inside of my heart, too.
Right here.
But...
you'll learn how to live
with a hole in your heart.
The hole won't ever disappear.
But on some days, flowers will
blossom around this hole.
And on some days, it will rain.
And on some days,
there's a rainbow.
And on some days, you forget the
fact that there's a hole here at all.
And so, there will come a day
when you'll be able to smile again.
Right now, I find that hard to believe.
But the very thing
proving that it's true
is by your side, right now.
Because you're alive...
you'll learn how to live on.
Just as I did.
So let's find a way to
get you back, no matter what.
You're still so young...
and knowing what'll happen in the future
is too heavy of a burden for you to bear.
All right.
You head home first, Mr. Kang.
I'll stay here a bit longer before I go.
All right.
Mr. Kang.
What about Ji Soo?
Ji Soo... is doing well, right?
Yeah!
Of course!
Ji Soo is doing fine.
Ji Soo is in Seoul right now.
So, how did it go between me and her...
no, I mean, between you and her?
Didn't you say before that you couldn't
confess your feelings to your first love
and that you regretted it?
Oh, no!
I did confess to her!
Things between me and Ji Soo
are going great right now!
So, don't worry about a thing
and just go back.
All right.
I'll be going now.
See?
I'm telling you.
Knowing the future
is like a curse.
If he knows that we didn't
see each other for ten years...
and that our relationship is in
this state after 10 years...
Drink this.
I know you always get like this
whenever you get on a boat.
I don't understand how anyone
could get this seasick.
Thank you, Senior.
You're even having cold sweats.
Are you sure you're not sick?
Senior.
Have you ever seen your life
flash before your eyes?
My life flash before my eyes?
I saw it, a couple of days ago.
They say that people see their
lives flash before their eyes
when they have a
near-death experience.
And it turns out that was true.
The happiest memories
that I had while I was alive...
my most painful moments...
and the people I wanted to see.
I saw all of those things
flash before my eyes.
So...
what did you see?
This place.
This is what I saw.
You go ahead to the hospital, Senior.
I have to visit a certain place
before I go.
Where?
All right.
I'll be going, then.
Ms. Lee.
I don't think I was able
to forget anything, either...
if I'm being honest with myself.
So...
I don't think I should hold
onto this any longer.
I'm sorry to be returning this to you...
so late.
Subtitles by DramaFever
[Longing Heart]
This place sure has changed a lot.
This is the first time I've come back
since I left to study abroad.
It's been ten years
since I was last here.
So, she really did leave to
study abroad back then, after all?
- About you going back!
- I'm not going back.
- What?
- I said, I'm not going back!
You're the one making me feel
uncomfortable right now.
Remember what I said last time?
That we should never
see each other again?
I really meant that.
Will you be my friend, Doctor?
Everyone will recognize you,
since you came from the past.
How will you explain
yourself then? Huh?
I came all this way, so it'd be a shame
if I were to just leave.